dream, see,
How much, don't harm him, don't harm him,
I told you for the last time, do what I said,
OK, I'll take you there,
Hold on, don't move, come on,
This is a huge amount of material for the formation of extraterrestrial diamonds.
This one is not yet able to destroy their power,
Don't rely on it, bring nothing with you, don't move,
Don't move, don't move, don't move,
Don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move,
Don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move , don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move, don't move
one by one in front of
one by one in front of one by one one by one one by one